wartime Alchemists turning a trash into
a vital resource at a makeshift lab in
the open air of Gaza City crafty
Palestinians transform bits of a plastic
into
fuel we started collecting plastic items
in an attempt to manufacture fuel
because the entire Gaza Strip has been
denied of fuel plastic is cut to small
pieces and placed into this cylinder put
on fire one once plastic melts Vapor
will flow through this pipe onto this
water cooling condenser the cooling
water runs through to its end to ensure
maximum cooling isra controls all marry
time and ground access in and out of the
strip at the start of the war it imposed
strict restrictions on the entry of a
fuel leading to dire shortages many in
Gaza had to turn to ancient modes of
Transport but even these are running out
we have been denied fuel from Israel and
Egypt so we carry our victims on Donkey
carts but with the shortage of animal
food the price of donkeys has risen
tfold and they are not even available
without fuel Imports they face an
increasingly impossible task to carry
the dead and injured of Israel's attacks
to the closest hospital applying science
these men make their own fuel with
whatever they can get their hands on
oh well the first product we then get is
Benzene two hours later you get diesel
as well in this primitive way we can run
our civil defense our ambulance vehicles
and other aspects of Life a last resort
that is not without danger experts say
using a plastic as a fuel is risky for
both people and the natural
environment but for m in Gaza it's a
practical and economic solution even
though they bre bre in toxic fumes
risking their health to make a living
and bring the most vulnerable to safety
Palestinians continue to find energy
among the RS ibraim KH Al jazer Northern
Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer